Add namespace to Logging (#2251)
ReactiveX/RxSwift: Documentation/GettingStarted.md

```
### Logging HTTP traffic

> In debug mode RxCocoa will log all HTTP request to console by default. In case you want to change that behavior, please set the `URLSession.rx.shouldLogRequest` filter.

Reviewer: As long as you're here:
```suggestion
RxCocoa will log all HTTP request info to the console by default when run in debug mode. You may overwrite the `URLSession.rx.shouldLogRequest` closure to define which requests should and shouldn't be logged. 
```

```swift

> URLSession.rx.shouldLogRequest = { _ in
> 	return true
> }

Reviewer: Maybe a more practical example here? 
```suggestion
URLSession.rx.shouldLogRequest = { request in
  // Only log requests to reactivex.org     
  request.url?.host == "reactivex.org" || request.url?.host == "www.reactivex.org"
}
```
